Here's the thing: This group housekeeping is getting on every one's nerves and its compounded by the fact that the poll which was supposed to end today, had its numbers reset.  I had wanted to have moved on by now, but instead members have to reread the material and revote, both of which not all will do.  Hence there has become two votes on the issue, and don't think that I'm okay with that because we had pretty much reached the peak of the poll participation.
With regards to the minor/major change issue, the simply fact is that I, like you, can say what I want.  To make a particular groups' scope more specific by altering a general Bible stdudy group to an examination of a subset of Books within is certainly minor in that the group has not been radically altered.  We are not now going to discuss plate techtonics, or the writings of Graham Greene.  We were discussing the Bible, now were going to specialize on a certain part of it.
I guess you'll have to forgive me (but like you I'm calling things as I see them) but you seem to have an idealistic view of what this group was.  You make it seem as if we were actually studying the Canon of Scripture, when in fact all we were doing was talking about the fate of Judas, and whether Satan can see into the future.
You make it seem like in suggesting this new focus I am forbidding discussion of the other Books, and that I am supposing that these Books can and should be studied apart from the greater Bible.  That is simply not the case.  Our understanding of these Books cannot be dealt with as if we supposed that the rest of the Canon did not exist.  All I want to do is make our scope of study more specific.
Finally, I really don't have to go out of my way to convince you or any other member about anything.  I want to change the nature of this group.  If members think that such a change is appropriate then I have provided a venue through which they can signal their agreement.  Similarly that same venue, a poll, is there for those who want to keep things as they are.  The previous poll had the yes vote at about 60% (not counting Father Jim, who also wanted to vote yes but couldnt because of computer difficulties).
When I talk about how I can do what I want, this is the theoretical talk.  What I am trying to do is show that I am not simply doing what I have the power to do.  I have the power to alter the group, but I am not going to unless members also want to.  Hence the vote.
With regards to your 3 suggestions let me just make the following statements.  They are not meant to introduce further discussion on them, but to simply show why I do this this way.  I do not see suggeestion 2 as a relevant one so i'll ignore it, while suggestion 3 is not one that I would even consider.
Actually this perfectly articulates my desire for the group.  I don't see how that is any different from what I want for the group.  But the key words are 'strictly speaking.'  Speculative topics like the fate of Judas, or the future knowledge of Satan would not really be an emphasis of this group.
Thanks for reading this.
